Oh my god, Miss Yan is a newcomer
The beginning of the chaos and the end of the attack on my son
Do we have a bastard, hahaha?
It seems to be Yan Dashen's simp boyfriend
Is the president's dog so exciting?
Hurry up hurry up hurry up
Don't come here, don't come here, hurry up, hurry up
Look without you
Don't leave me alone with you
Don't mess around, believe it or not
Don't mess around, believe it or not, I'm here
Did you watch?
Don't come over here, I'll order it
Don't come here, come here and I'll order it.
Come here, I'll order it, don't come, don't come
Do not come
You snot
Hey, hey, you really ordered it.
Please scare people later
Don't use this white vinegar as gasoline shit
This vinegar smell is so big
You smell it.
Who asked you to mess around here?
I've lost my job now, are you happy?
Oh, dear.
This daughter-in-law lost my son's job
How can we ancients live if you let us row over?
Oh, dear.